feat: Add examples for sdk-cubic. (#2)
cobaltspeech/examples-python: README.md

# Examples-python
Examples of calling Cobalt's Python SDKs.

## Cubic Example
The [cubic](./cubic) folder contains two example clients taht interact with Cubic.

> * [batch_client](./cubic/batch_client.py), which must submit all audio to Cubic before receiving a transcript. Audio data is read from a file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [batch_client](./cubic/batch_client.py), which submits all audio to Cubic before receiving a transcript. Audio data is read from a file.
```
